Developing APIs for an E-commerce Website

Developing APIs for an e-commerce website using Node.js. The website has four different roles: staff, admin, buyer, and vendors. Each role has specific permissions and functionalities within the system. Here are the details of the required APIs and functionalities for each role

Project Requirements:

1. Database Storage:

Utilize a relational database (eg MySQL., MongoDB) to store information about Admins. Users, Vendors, staff and Product informations,

2. User Authentication:

Implement user authentication with roles (e.g.. admin, staff) to control access.

3. CRUD Operations:

-Signup & Login: buyers and vendors should be able to sign up for an account and log in to access the system. Storing sensitive details must be hashed.

Users:

Can sign up for an account.

Vendors: Can sign up for an account.

Staff: Can only be created by the admin

Super-Admin: A default super-admin account must exist in the database with full

access to the system.

1. Admin Role:

Can view all vendor, staff, and user details.

Can create Products.

Products should include:

Product details (name, description, category, etc.).

Products will be from the scheduled start date.

Expiry date (Products expire after 7 days from the scheduled start date)

Free delivery option with the delivery amount if applicable.

Upload the images to the products

Each Products URL must be unique

Old and new prices for products.

2. Staff Role:

- Can view and add Products for assigned vendors.

• Products should have the same details as mentioned for admin-created Products.

3. Vendor Role:

- Can add and view their own Products.

- Products should have the same details as mentioned for admin-created Products.

4.User Role:

- Can view all Products.

-Products should include:

Vendor information for each Product

Expiry time for each Product.

- Discount percentage and amount calculated between the old and new prices (up to two decimal places).

Note:

For the delivery amount and prices (old and new), handle float values without showing more than two decimal places. Do not round up the pointer values.

The discount percentage and amount are calculated but not stored in the database.

Ensure that each Products URL is unique and not duplicated.

Implement proper authentication and authorization mechanisms to ensure that users can only access the functionalities based on their roles and permissions

4. Search and Listing:

Implement search functionality that allows users (admin, staff, vendors, and users) to find Products

The result structure must follow server-side pagination logic.

Note: While submitting the task, you must include a Postman collection containing all the API endpoints and a SQL file for the database schema.    give code and file structure for this details using mongodb and node , expressee for backend developement